perhaps the first time we took a test is not new
car and the one that is removed from
production but it's not just machines it
legend
for nearly 60 years this SUV
was a class maker
but it's time to upgrade
we will try it compared to the new
we only have a veteran on our hands
successor we will evaluate in absentia
East
here it is patrol sixth generation
rude brutal is absolutely male already
on the exterior of this car is clear
what is uncompromising
SUV short overhangs high ground clearance
in the toothed wheel and the presence of logins and what
will offer us a newbie from old style not
nothing remains subtle less
refined style there is no such handsome
just sorry to shove
off road and what if you get dirty
suddenly pearl paint will fade
feather mushrooms massive easy to leave on
track
here and come off the race
last class representative
these SUVs
what
style
Here it is an example of an Oscar of engineering school
when this car was created by him
interior
another universally applied
computer simulation such
things like material reinforced buttons
landing controls
came out with the help of long studies
trial and error did not trust these things
soulless computer
and the reader here is like being in
old office in the library after
typical office new generation of course
prime sophistication of sophistication getting
in the interior of the seventh patrol you already understand
heredity with the brand infiniti about it
speak and his unified
governing body and refined materials
white skin is a huge amount
all kinds of electronic
freaks you can see that this is a matter of sipri
using a computer and need this very
worked well marketer but nothing
can not be done unfortunately all
the car is not moving now
so ways
just became the time of illness old arbat
role percentage of marriage
we have said both in appearance and gods
legal parameters
absolutely SUV him
The design is old kindly tested
equal to
in it of course on the track in the car
feel not quite comfortable though
but due to the long base wide gauge and
of course he is confident enough
direct but nonetheless
but due to the fact that he had all the same
good old continuous bridge
over bumps or bends car
I always behaves adequately need this
understand and do not need to take it in
attention always
as for the new car of course
he is completely different he lost his frame
construction
he has a completely different kinematics and
he has no suspension system
I know he has a bridge
independent suspension
first-class but equipped
a system that controls banks
body percentage
and correspondingly
always hold
in the correct position in any
conditions
maybe it's nice maybe it's
comfortable but
dad flood it is rather passenger
car and not recent SUV
as for a little off road this
of course this car
even just imagine what he is
what kind of question is going to go to Shostka
because cars are expensive and
obviously even in appearance was not
adapted for heavy off-road
but he certainly has
huge amount of help systems on
off-road begins banal
Things like a slave slip
on the system
in help touch me
uphill descent control system with
mountains on the central tunnel appeared
selector that is responsible for the system
off-road assistance, you can choose from
multiple modes i.e. it is valid
snow gravel sand and so on already
electronics will decide how should
behave like a car should behave
powertrain how should behave
engine
maybe so good about helping these cities
wants to literally stay just
and push the pedal away the car
will solve everything for him
but for those who truly love fell
of course so probably even
somewhat offensive
function as for engines then on
this car is installed
three-liter
good old diesel without any
convoluted monetary systems
royal teams
it gives off the car
Well, firstly the sound is good to hear
sound insulation booster perfect
It is good because this sound is also
gives courage to experience verse
car racer and probably me
the owners of a new generation of patrol is not
boasts such figures because
that he is still outdated
not so powerful not so much
environmentally friendly but it doesn’t have to be proud
the fact that it will be a new patrol
set as they say new
engine capacity of 3 to 6 liters
400 horsepower this will allow in the new
control generation accelerate to 100 km
an hour in
six point six seconds
good result
but again this is already
bet is made
not passable not on
traction power characteristics from on
the dynamics of the pleasure of
driving primarily on the track but
as I said before the change of image change
concept car although generally assure
which is largely patrol
should give in to few
off road sides
well it's time to take stock
king off-road
he managed to plant but you know
a bad thing simple enough for me
suggests that the seventh generation
patrol may not have reached cano miracle
so in suits you can say that
luxury respectability
took over the brutality
natural but agree because those
people who bought this car maybe
bought exactly for this and were looking for
such adventures and rather a new car
just fit for those
wants to go far fast comfortable a
if it comes off-road it
just press a few keys and
maybe this car do everything for you
nothing can be done are common
automotive trends